.TH RELB 1 "2025-04-30" "RELB 0.9.12" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
relb \- RELB Easy Load Balancer, a high-performance TCP load balancer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B relb
[\fIOPTION\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
RELB (RELB Easy Load Balancer) is a high-performance, cross-platform TCP load balancer designed for reliability, flexibility, and ease of use. It is suitable for most TCP services and applications, and can also function as a port redirector.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B configfile \fIPATH\fR
Specify the configuration file to use. If not provided, the default is /etc/relb.conf (Linux) or %system32%\drivers\etc\relb.conf (Windows).
.TP
.B console
Run RELB in the foreground (console mode).
.TP
.B service
Run RELB as a background service.
.TP
.B installservice
Install RELB as a Windows service.
.TP
.B uninstallservice
Uninstall RELB from Windows services.
.TP
.B installdaemon
Install RELB as a system daemon (Linux, not yet implemented).
.TP
.B uninstalldaemon
Uninstall RELB system daemon (Linux, not yet implemented).
.TP
.B license
Display license information and exit.

.SH CONFIGURATION
RELB uses a plain-text configuration file to define bind addresses, backend servers, filters, tasks, and more. See relb.conf.sample for detailed documentation and examples.

.SH FEATURES
.IP \[bu] 2
Efficiently handles hundreds of simultaneous connections with minimal system resource usage.
.IP \[bu] 2
Transparent operation for both clients and servers.
.IP \[bu] 2
Simple and flexible configuration via a plain-text file.
.IP \[bu] 2
Persistent connections using an IP address-based "Session Directory".
.IP \[bu] 2
Smart server assignment with support for multiple variables and round-robin.
.IP \[bu] 2
Powerful filtering system to allow or deny client-server assignments based on IP rules.
.IP \[bu] 2
Built-in web administration interface for real-time management and monitoring.
.IP \[bu] 2
Automated tasks, such as purging inactive connections or disconnecting all clients.
.IP \[bu] 2
Multi-platform support: runs on Linux, Windows, and other operating systems.

.SH FILES
.TP
/etc/relb.conf
Default configuration file (Linux)
.TP
%system32%\drivers\etc\relb.conf
Default configuration file (Windows)
.TP
relb.conf.sample
Sample configuration file

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR relb.conf.sample (5)

.SH AUTHOR
Juan Rey Saura

.SH LICENSE
RELB is licensed under the Open Software License version 3.0. See LICENSE.txt for details.

.SH SUPPORT
For questions, issues, or contributions, please refer to the project repository or contact the maintainer.
